[Music]
ain't no sunshine when she's gone it's
not warm when she's away ain't no
sunshine when she's gone and she's
always gone too long anytime she goes
away
[Music]
wonder this town wishes gone
wonder if she is constant
[Music]
it was sunshine when she's gone and this
house just ain't no home
[Music]
she goes away
in no sunshine when she's gone
[Music]
Dawkins everyday
sunshine when she's gone Elvis Houston
every time she goes away
in the top
[Music]
she comes
she goes
[Applause]
[Music]
ain't no sunshine when she's gone it's
not warm when she's away
[Music]
in those sunshine when she's gone and
she's always gone too long anytime she
goes away
[Music]
wonder this tan wish is gone
wonder if she is gonna stay
[Music]
in more sunshine when she's gone
this house to stay you know ho
[Music]
she goes
in those sunshine will she's gone
[Music]
every day
sunshine when she's gone Emma's hostas
anytime
[Music]
the job
[Applause]
[Music]
different
she comes to
she goes ooh
[Applause]
[Music]